Add API examples for downlink with payload encoder (#328)
TheThingsIndustries/lorawan-stack-docs: doc/content/getting-started/api/_index.md

```bash
$ curl --location \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer NNSXS.XXXXXXXXX' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --header 'User-Agent: my-integration/my-integration-version' \
  --request POST \
  --data '{
    "downlinks": [{
      "frm_payload": "vu8=",
      "f_port": 42,
    }]
  }' \
  'https://thethings.example.com/api/v3/as/applications/app1/devices/dev1/down/push'
```

To schedule a human readable downlink to the same device using a downlink [Payload Formatter]({{< ref "integrations/payload-formatters" >}}):

```bash
$ curl --location \
  --header 'Authorization: Bearer NNSXS.XXXXXXXXX' \
  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --header 'User-Agent: my-integration/my-integration-version' \
  --request POST \
  --data '{"downlinks":[{
      "decoded_payload": {
        "bytes": [1, 2, 3]
      }
    }]
  }' \
  'https://thethings.example.com/api/v3/as/applications/app1/devices/dev1/down/push'
```

{{< note >}} Downlinks scheduled using the `decoded_payload` Payload Formatter field are encrypted in the Application Server, and the content will not be comprehensible in the Network Server's `frm_payload` field when viewing events. {{</ note >}}

> {{< note >}} It's also possible to [schedule downlinks using HTTP Webhooks]({{< ref "integrations/webhooks/scheduling-downlinks" >}}), which give you flexibility to choose JSON or gRPC HTTP payloads. {{</ note >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< note >}} It is also possible to [schedule downlinks using HTTP Webhooks]({{< ref "integrations/webhooks/scheduling-downlinks" >}}), which give you the flexibility to choose JSON or gRPC HTTP payloads. {{</ note >}}
```

### Multi-step Actions

> If you want to create a device, perform multi-step actions, or write shell scripts, it's best to use the [CLI]({{< ref "getting-started/cli" >}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to create a device, perform multi-step actions, or write shell scripts, it is best to use the [CLI]({{< ref "getting-started/cli" >}}).
```
